docs: natspec and documentation improvements (#41)
defi-wonderland/prophet-modules: docs/src/content/modules/response/bonded_response_module.md

- **Early finalization**: It is possible for pre-dispute modules to atomically calculate the correct response on-chain, decide on the result of a dispute and finalize the request before its deadline.
- **Dispute window**: Prevents proposers from submitting a response 1 block before the deadline and finalizing it in the next block, leaving disputers no time to dispute the response.

> - **Unutilized response**: A correct response that has not been used to finalize the request. Consider what happens when the first response to a request is disputed maliciously and someone send a second response with the same content. In that case if the second response isn't disputed and the first one comes back from the dispute and is accepted as the final response, the second proposer should be able to get their bond back.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Unutilized response**: A correct response that has not been used to finalize the request. Consider what happens when the first response to a request is disputed maliciously and someone sends a second response with the same content. In that case if the second response isn't disputed and the first one comes back from the dispute and is accepted as the final response, the second proposer should be able to get his bond back.
```
